In this video you'll learn some Drone basics. To be a good drone security pentester, you will need plenty of practice along with your other studies and research. There are literately dozens of different ways that you can attack a drone and  we just have seen one of them: Wi-Fi. To keep things short and simple, I will not go into detail on things like how to connect an nRF24L01 transceiver to the arduino board, as there are already plenty of examples all over the web, but social and ethical issues. Take this video as a break from technical topic. Don't worry if you don't "catch" all the info at once, try to find little "breadcrums" that led other people to innovation, I'm confident they will lead you too.

Focus on different methods implemented on Drones to control them, e.g. Bluetooth, Radio (RF), 3G/4G, Satellite, GPS, and Terrain; this way, you'll be able to detect the best "strategy" to run a penetration test.

You'll find it useful to learn about Drone detection methods, e.g. audio, visual, thermal, radio, Wi-Fi, radar among others; these different detection methods allow you to be creative when you switch roles to a defensive strategy.

Finally, we'll review many documented methods to disable(Drone countermeasures), disrupt, or hijack Drones , ranging from physical to digital attacks.

Please note: The information presented here is for educational purposes. As with all guides covering network and computer security, the techniques should only be performed on devices that you own or have permission to operate on. This tutorial is designed to help users understand the security implications of using unprotected wireless communications by exploring its use in a popular drone model: the Parrot bebop and Parrot AR. Drone 2.0

It’s illegal to access computer systems that you don’t own or to damage other people’s property. As we continue the public dialogue on drone regulations, it’s critical to understand as many aspects of the issue as we can to include social impact, policy, privacy and of course, security. We hope that manufacturers take steps to improve the security of their products and users continue to educate themselves on the capabilities and vulnerabilities of emerging technologies. Hakin9 magazine and the author of this course takes no responsibility resulting from the inappropriate or illegal actions that result from abuse of any of the techniques discussed.
